Added a more prominent warning about slice size (#35)
lancachenet/lancachenet.github.io: _docs/advanced/tuning-cache.md

There is no one slice value that is likely to work in all configurations.

> The default of 1MB is considered the safest, but increasing to 2, 4 or even 8 might give performance improvements for single-user download scenarios, however they may also make things slower. A 256kb range request causes a full slice to be fetched on a miss so with 8mb you would be fetching 7.75mb you dont need which is considerably slower.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default of 1MB is considered the safest, but increasing to 2, 4 or even 8 might give performance improvements for single-user download scenarios, however they may also make things slower. As mentioned earlier, if a client requests 256KB, the cache will still request a full slice from upstream for uncached content - with an 8MB slice, the client will be waiting for the full 8MB slice to download before requesting more data.

Unless you have a particularly high speed connection (e.g. 200Mbps+) and a small number of maximum simultaneous clients, it is **not recommended** that you change this from the default value.
```
